Add some text to docs/ components and deploy (#1251)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: _docs/2.0.0/deployment.md

categories:
    - '2.0.0'
---

## Menas

### Prerequisits to deploying Menas are

- Tomcat 8.5+ to deploy the war to

> - HADOOP_CONF_DIR environment variable. This variable should point to a folder containing hoodp configuration files (core-site.xml, hdfs-site.xml and yarn-site.xml). These are used to querry HDFS for folder locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HADOOP_CONF_DIR` environment variable. This variable should point to a folder containing Hadoop configuration files (`core-site.xml`, `hdfs-site.xml` and `yarn-site.xml`). These are used to query the HDFS for folder locations.
```

- MongoDB 4.0+ used as a storage

### Deploying Menas

> Easiest way to deploy menas is to copy the `menas-VERSION.war` to `$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps`. This will create `<tomcat IP>/menas-VERSION` path on your local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to deploy Menas is to copy the `menas-VERSION.war` to `$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps`. This will create `<tomcat IP>/menas-VERSION` path on your local server.
```
